# Our Future With AI

## Ungraded Plugin: Reading : What's Next For AI

[Link](https://author-ide.skills.network/render?token=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJtZF9pbnN0cnVjdGlvbnNfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9jZi1jb3Vyc2VzLWRhdGEuczMudXMuY2xvdWQtb2JqZWN0LXN0b3JhZ2UuYXBwZG9tYWluLmNsb3VkL0lCTURldmVsb3BlclNraWxsc05ldHdvcmstQUkwMTAxRU4tU2tpbGxzTmV0d29yay9SZWFkaW5ncy9Nb2R1bGU0L1doYXRfTmV4dF9mb3JfQUkubWQiLCJ0b29sX3R5cGUiOiJpbnN0cnVjdGlvbmFsLWxhYiIsImFkbWluIjpmYWxzZSwiaWF0IjoxNjcxMTg5OTA4fQ.4cAW0J6dacWGsznQduEexDAWklTlDqXFPBG0KrHnpJ4)

<hr/>

## Ungraded Plugin : Reading : Whta wil our Society look like when AI is Everywhere ?

[Link](https://author-ide.skills.network/render?token=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJtZF9pbnN0cnVjdGlvbnNfdXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly9jZi1jb3Vyc2VzLWRhdGEuczMudXMuY2xvdWQtb2JqZWN0LXN0b3JhZ2UuYXBwZG9tYWluLmNsb3VkL0lCTURldmVsb3BlclNraWxsc05ldHdvcmstQUkwMTAxRU4tU2tpbGxzTmV0d29yay9SZWFkaW5ncy9Nb2R1bGU0L1doYXRfd2lsbF9vdXJfU29jaWV0eV9sb29rX2xpa2Vfd2hlbl9BSV9pc19ldmVyeXdoZXJlXy5tZCIsInRvb2xfdHlwZSI6Imluc3RydWN0aW9uYWwtbGFiIiwiYWRtaW4iOmZhbHNlLCJpYXQiOjE2NzYzNTU5NzR9.iD-FFkM0jgwi7qF5OTu2Fn5J33fLqcWVrY9ienyUy40)

<hr/>

# Conclusion

## Reading : Conclusion and Next Steps

You started this course in Module 1 by hearing different definitions of AI.  You then explored different use cases and applications of AI.

In Module 2, you got a basic understanding of how AI works, familiarized yourself with terminology like Machine Learning, Supervised Learning, Unsupervised Learning, Training Data, Deep Learning, and Neural Networks. You also got to know about some of the key fields of application of AI including Natural Language Processing, Speech, Computer Vision, and Self Driving Cars.

In Module 3, you explored several issues and ethical considerations surrounding AI, such as Bias, impact on employment, etc. 

In Module 4, you heard about how AI may evolve and impact our future. You also heard from several experts about learning and starting a career in AI.

This course also includes an optional hands-on project at end. You are not required to complete this project in order to obtain the course certificate. However, you are highly encouraged to go through the project and see AI in action. Upon successfully completeing this project you're course certificate will indicate "Honors" on it.

This is the concludes the Introduction to AI course, but it is certainly not the end of the journey for learning about AI.

We hope you enjoyed taking this course. 

Good luck!

<hr/>